Below is the Fiddle Public License Agreement 1.0 (FPL-1.0),
which applies only to parts of Fiddle that are specifically and
explicitly released under FPL-1.0.

                FIDDLE PUBLIC LICENSE AGREEMENT
                    Version 1.0, 29 May 2023

 Copyright (C) 2023 Martijn Muijsers
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

  For pre-existing (typically as part of the Minecraft, Bukkit,
CraftBukkit, Spigot or Paper source code) files patched with Fiddle
patches by the Paperweight patch system, any patch hunks that apply to
those files are licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 3
(GPL-3.0).

  Similarly, any components (such as patch hunks, source files or
included libraries) in a composite product (such as a repository of
source code or a jar release file) that is released under this license
(going forward, to be understood as the Fiddle Public License Agreement
1.0) as a whole, and which are individually licensed under MIT, GPL-3.0
or as part of an official Minecraft product (such as the Minecraft server
source code, which is restrictively licensed as per Microsoft's terms),
and which are not part of the modificiations made by Fiddle or any
derivative thereof, are not subject to the further conditions of this
license, but are instead licensed under their respective original
licenses.

  For files newly created with Fiddle patches (such as Java source code
files to merge resource packs), any patch hunks that apply to those files
are licensed subject to GPL-3.0 with the alterations that follow in this
license.

1. Share-alike

  Where the GPL-3.0 license would require releasing something (whether
pertaining to source code, binaries or otherwise) under a license that
conforms to some particular requirements, such as GPL-3.0, the
requirement instead becomes to release under this license.

2. Paywalled content must pay-it-forward

  You may not use Fiddle or a derivative thereof to provide a service to
users, where some features are only available for payment, or more easily
accessible after some payment than otherwise, except if you clearly
credit Fiddle and the authors and contributors to the corresponding
features and their assets, and where possible, pass a fair part (as would
be considered fair by the community of the receiving parties, or in the
form of a set amount or ratio as chosen by the author of the features) of
the revenue on to those parties.
  As an example, if you install a free pack that adds content, but only
allow donators to use some parts of that content, then you must donate
a fair part of the donations to that pack's authors and Fiddle.

3. Prohibition on re-selling the server jar

  Fiddle or derivatives thereof, including any resulting server jar, do
not require having their source code shared just for running them as a
Minecraft server, similar to GPL-3.0.
  This means, that as a server owner, you may make additional custom
modifications to the Fiddle source code, and use the resulting server jar
as your Minecraft server.

  However, distribution of Fiddle or derivatives thereof, including
any resulting server jar, is not allowed to be conditional, whether
financial or otherwise, to any extent.
  For example, as a server host you are not allowed to place any
conditions on server owners to use Fiddle or a derivative, compared to
the corresponding upstream or an alternative (such as Paper or Fabric) or
provide any cheaper or less conditional package at all that does not
support Fiddle, but supports an upstream or alternative thereof.
  Providing access to the functionality of Fiddle or derivatives thereof
in any way, whether directly or indirectly, that is not directed at an
end user Minecraft client, is considered distribution.
  Additionally, any such distribution of a Fiddle derivative that is not
directed at an end user Minecraft client requires the full source code of
the additional modifications in the modified version (as defined by
GPL-3.0) to be pre-emptively, publicly (specifically, as a public
repository on GitHub) released under the Fiddle Public License Agreement
1.0, and a reference to that release must be clearly displayed to all
intermediate users (such as server owners) and end users (such as
Minecraft clients).
  For example, distributing a derivative of Fiddle that contains
performance enhancements requires the full source code for the
modifications to be pre-emptively, publicly released.